1. What is D three and what does it stand for?
Ans:D three is UST’s annual developer conference, and stands for Dream, Develop, Disrupt
2. What is the theme of D three this year?
Ans:This year’s theme is ‘Exploring Generative AI, Crafting the future’
3. What are the D three pre-events? Any new pre-event this year?
Ans:D three pre-events include D threeCODE, the Hackathon for college students, Code Pursuit,
the Programming Challenge for associates, D three Talks, and D three Expo. We have added
3 new prevents this year including Gen AI Artistry Challenge, Ask Me Anything, and
Ans:Ascend with D three, a learning and certification drive.
4. When is the week of D three? What can I expect each day?
Ans: Week of D three is week of October  2 nd , and will include captivating talks and keynotes
from speakers from around the world, top notch demos, cutting-edge innovations, technical
presentations and much more.
5. Who would be invited to D three conference?
Ans: D three is designed for our technology community
6. Can I attend D three from my home city? Which are the virtual venue locations? I would love to
attend one.
Ans: Yes, virtual venues are setup in Bangalore, Kochi, Chennai, Hyderabad, Noida,
Pune and Trivandrum. D three will also be live streamed across the globe for all associates to
watch online.
7. What is Decode? When is the 24-hour hackathon? Is the winning team presenting this year?
Ans: Decode is the Hackathon for college students, the final round of the event is a 24
hour hackathon scheduled to start on September 30 th  at 9 AM. The winning team will demo
their solution at D three this year as well!
8. What is Code Pursuit?
Ans: Code Pursuit is a round robin format programming challenge for internal
associates.
9. What is Ascend with D three?
Ans: Ascend with D three is one of the new prevents launched this year to enable upskilling
of our associates in Generative AI and related technologies.
10. What are some of the exhibits that will be showcased at the D three expo this year?
Ans: You can expect cutting edge innovations from Infinity Labs, Garage Ventures and
SmartOps
11. Which are the D three talk segments? Can I attend it from anywhere in the world? How do I
register?
Ans: There are multiple sessions planned for D three talks ranging from
12. I&#39;m not a developer. Can I participate in the GenAI artistry challenge?
Ans:  Absolutely, GenAI artistry challenge is open to all associates irrespective of the
function they are in. If you are an art lover, this is your opportunity to grab great prizes.
13. Super stoked about the very first D three ask me anything session. Can I attend it from anywhere
in the world? How do I register?
Ans: Yes, D three AMA can be attended from anywhere. Please look for Events and
Updates or News@Noon with details on how to register
14. Who are the external keynote speakers this year?
Ans: We have Henry Ajder and Jaspreet Bindra delivering keynotes this year.
15. How do I nominate a s/hero technologist from my team for the dreamer, developer,
disruptor award?                    
Ans: Look for Events and Updates or News@Noon announcements with link for voting.
16. Who are the internal speakers this year?
Ans: We have our CEO, Krishna, CTO Niranjan and Arnab, the Chief Scientific Officer
at UST Abzooba.
17. How can I personally meet the experts or senior leaders at D three?
Ans: Register for Access Point at the D three venue for personal meet with senior leaders,
register early as seats are limited.
18. I came to know that I’m a dreamer, developer, disruptor this year. How can I be part of the
dreamer, developer, disruptor lounge at the conference?
Ans: You will hear from a D three organizing team


